Natural language processing is one of the fastest growing fields in the world.
NLP Is making its way into a number of products and services that we use every day.
Let's begin with an overview of how to design an end-to-end NLP pipeline.
Not that kind of pipeline;
a natural language processing pipeline,
where you start with raw text,
in whatever form it is available, process it,
extract relevant features, and build models to accomplish various NLP tasks.
Now that I think about it,
that is kind of like refining crude oil.
Anyways, you'll learn how these different stages in the pipeline depend on each other.
You'll also learn how to make design decisions,
how to choose existing libraries,
and tools to perform each step.